. . . making a friend with God.
Yeah, I don’t know how to do that.
Make a friend?
But you’ve done fine with me.
But I can see you—but God, a Friend?
Seriously?
How about what you can see?
What does creation teach us about him?
Um, not much
—maybe evolve or your species dies.
It doesn’t really help.
Well, I’m not talking about evolution.
I’m talking about the things
that God has created.
You don’t suppose he’s got
a little workshop up there building things
one at a time, do you?
In the real world, things evolve.
It’s all random.
I don’t know what that
tells me about him.
I wasn’t ready for this.
Evolution isn’t my strong suit.
I need help.
This could be good:
“Many who believe evolution. . .
ancient tidal pool . . .
chemicals spontaneously assembled . . .”
It’s too deep.
Wait!
Maybe: “What does the evidence reveal? . . .
“For a cell to survive, . . . DNA . . .
“RNA . . . inanimate chemicals. . .
probability . . .”
I’m not sure this is what she needs.
Her real issue
was getting to know
someone that she can’t see.
Maybe that’s the best place to begin.
“One widespread false teaching . . .
“robs people of hope . . . implies
that human life has no purpose . . .”
This could be it; establish the positive:
What creation really says about Jehovah
versus what evolution obscures.
OK, so you got me thinking, . . .
Mm-hm.
. . . and I did some research, . . .
OK. Yeah.
. . . and I think
you’ll really like what I found.
OK.
Come, come, sit down.
OK, let’s do this.